hello so this is gonna be my cover of
rainbow by south borders this is gonna
be my first guitar cover ever posted um
I hope you guys liked this cover I
really like this song so I hope you guys
another in this world
oh yeah you never know will I we can
really never tell it all sing advice
hello to a lover friends times we never
good and want something big and then you
lost and we can really never tell y'all
know but can you see matter what happens
life goes on so baby just smile cuz I'm
always around you and I'll make you see
how beautiful life is for you and me
take a little time baby see the
butterflies colors listen to the birds
that were said to save for me yo
can you feel me it's a sign someone
normal place to be even if there is pain
um everything will be alright for as
long as the world you hear me weighs
after when I lose your jokowi you want
getting weather could be is over dad
look baby this is I found donut man
but can you see matter what happens life
goes on and on so baby just smile cuz
I'm always around now if you see how
beautiful life is for you and me take a
little time baby
see the butterflies colors listen to the
birds that were said to sing for me you
who can fill me this is wonderful place
even if there is pain now everything
will be alright
for as long as the world you hear it
oh so I hope you guys like that cover
even though it's kind of ugly but um
yeah I like the video if you liked it or
not you can still like it and don't
forget to follow me on Twitter or
Instagram if you guys want to see like
what I'm tweeting and stuff I guess I
don't know um that's basically it
I'll see you guys in my next video stay
true
you